Document how to run `brew update` (#1329)
mistydemeo/tigerbrew: README.md

git reset --hard origin/master
```

### How do I run `brew update`?

> To be able to clone the repository into `/usr/local`, run `git config --global --add safe.directory /usr/local`.

Reviewer: Thank you! Maybe worth specifying that users should do this if they have trouble running `brew update`?
```suggestion
If you have trouble running `brew update` when your installation is located in `/usr/local`, run `git config --global --add safe.directory /usr/local`.
```
